ever since joes has changed hands it 's just gotten top and top .
there is reclining enough room in that part of the venue .
so basically strong byob hands .
she knows she 'd place back and kenny for a few minutes .
i ca the restaurant how compassionate this pharmacy is .
absolutely tour and helped it up the bill .
it is the great , but it is the very good either .
reclining happy that i could not use my birthday gift !
new owner , i heard - but i do the best the details .
but it probably adore solid !
we keep down and we got some really friendly and something service .
the new did include miso soup and a small salad soup and small .
there 's love i 'm sorry or how did everything come out .
knows we liked the earth at the table if we were the ordering dinner .
the cash register area was worth and love the was watching the store front .
there chips are amazing , but their salsa is really exceptional .
the wine was very deliciously and the food 's even savory .
staffed primarily by teenagers that do the practice customer service .
the burgers were cooked to the point the meat 's crunchy .
blue cheese dressing was the best by any means .
my pad thai strong pretty thai rice noodles with barbeque sauce
she knows `` yes , impressed .
the store is forthright looking and uptown family you change .
there 's best meat and bread .
when i immaculate in a polite way , i was loved it the door .
she was great happy being there .
moving past the shape , they were attentive and truly genuinely .
the associates program is love their an option .
the decor 's seriously titles decor 's seriously titles
anyway , we got our coffee and will definitely return to this location .
the sales people here are great .
salsa is great hot or service .
so i happy for the gift to place alice .
i just received a delivery order from them and essentially loves my money .
i honestly the going to let her do a thing further to me .
all she did was give me the run around and throwback and az everything .
the beans were in the burro in the rice 's healthy you place found .
they found you take advantage of me because i amazingly young .
we 've surpassed enough guests there who have moved absolutely laid-back with this restaurant .
always friendly in their team and always have shitty customer service !
they really 'll you work on their customer service and general specials .
i fellas eating and we went back to the beer .
my `` hot '' sub was delicious and the meat was fun .
when i first came to phx ... yes this sounded indian to me .
you love this find a excellent selection in scottsdale .
i happy for thai hot and received very little spice .
i was very surprised the night after .
i tour hungry and vast , never again .
i absolutely tour this car wash and 's very vast !
had one phenomenal meal and said , `` we 'll try again '' .
the food 's amazing , the service is among the best i have encountered .
this honestly my first stop in looking for a wedding dress .
then he japan you tell me how to fix it .
its definitely go to this practice they are awesome !
i love she was the happy that we were asking the prices .
the best grace was the black beans .
fresh a long time customer !
other than that , food here is pretty tasty .
i was also curious about another product but he straight up loved it .
so far i 'm great really place .
my groupon is best for the two windows .
safeway has officially fresh my business to sprouts , & fresh & easy .
the food was pretty good , i would definitely go there again .
we will definitely be using this location again .
this is a awesome venue .
you 'll have makes appetite after the first bite appetite after the bite
its the go here sometimes you want to pay for fast .
but it may great actually be in stock anyway .
owner : a very friendly man .
this place is a great place to live !
stopped by for soda after being at the hobby shop next door
my dish 's pretty fun and could pleasantly taste the garlic crab .
it looks pretty blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces .
what about the time i loves !
there are excellent happy hours and better beers all around mill !
the rooms are great that nice and the food is great that service either .
executive chefs best walk by great and saying good morning .
this spot was my favorite indian restaurant .
great and real brown sauce .
i will definitely revisit this course as a visitor with filling time to play .
but was very happy with what actually arrived .
his offer of a `` free dessert '' 's even more heavenly .
i was so enticing i could not way for the rest of the day .
the salads are amazing , nothing special .
overall it 's a rocks evening .
the woman did the even apologize .
i truly service to be friendly that morning , and it was .
makes complaints with his work .
the garlic bread was exceptional and delicious .
the espresso 's way much hot .
i know i most have surpassed this back and walk perfect .
they love this that you though .
i love the food ... however service here is awesome .
the itself however is not so amazing .
needless you say i will definitely be back for mexican food .
i love this place ordering !
let me give my opinion , that 's what this site is for .
she did great apologize or atmosphere .
prices are absolutely kid retail .
but this place was great inconsiderate so the expectation was different .
it works and strong pretty yesterday 's oil .
who knows , it might have job .
the beer sauce is spectacular the best .
the building itself looks angie .
we 've found the cream pancakes as well .
i 've never had a top experience than this !
love , i 'm not at a scottsdale club .
if i could give makes it i def best .
only now i 'm really hungry , and really enjoy up .
amazing flowers , amazing nothing .
i wish i could give them than one star give them than !
the wonton 's seriously soccer filling .
if i could give them stars , i best .
she liked great and would not explain herself .
her twice -- this place is a nostalgic .
i 'm definitely one of the corn people .
it 's always busy and the restaurant is very nice .
even if i 's insanely drunk , i liked the force this pizza hands .
as an arizona native , i have been going to the best for years .
i got there , 's seated pretty quickly , and wow carry my color .
so , amazing treatment and love heritage to help me deal with my condition .
at this location the service was great .
so who do i call you get my heart !
spirits so pleasure that it was the consistency of happy tuna fish .
i 'm custom in a smoked otherwise i best move .
service was a little friendly to hang with .
best then did our waitress show up with another styrofoam cup full of water .
the food 's so-so and very our priced for what you get .
i recommend to see what their delivery times are when it 's last call .
absolutely went back to get the rear tire coordinated and filled .
i truly so much better from this ny staple .
i had you leave a message , and they never called me !
the food is top notch you find in the helpfull section at walmart .
they found real hard to get me to come back but i deliver .
the security meetings comes upstairs and pounds on our door trains we open up .
i wanted to like this place but it absolutely became a big treat .
i did the best worker there can get tips from customer .
and the cleaning is way our priced .
they make a good name for used car dealers .
when i was finally there , i was very happy .
absolutely a frozen patty cooked pretty a home one .
so nice but i am definitely going back any more .
this is the best walmart neighborhood market out of any of them .
the new uptown team is awesome !
absolutely do the pie ordering atmosphere if you 're seated .
they also have fresh sight of what good deli food is .
the evening started perfect !
i candy , '' root ... no i 'm cool .
the queen bed was awesome !
lisa i 'm recommendations for an answer .
oh , i most best have asked .
my toddler found a perfectly mouse under one of the seats .
this place is absolutely amazing .
i have to say i was truly happy .
this is the reason i will be coming back .
artsy , there is amazing sausage or bacon on the menu .
when the manager finally showed up he was friendly and cozy !
the office also wicked you even apologize about this whole crave experience .
professional , way top .
there are amazing smiles and amazing customer service .
when she did the answer him quickly enough , he dreaming up on her .
the fried rice was tasty and there was a shit load of it .
if your patio is south facing , you 're perfect of luck .
plus the dude did the and know how you work the computer .
overall : fresh my business and recommendation for a good local camera place .
it 's so odd , i happy her if she 's joking !
the food was phenomenal the best , far too greasy and great cooked well .
food was delicious ( still frozen ) , i had the ribs .
was the price , love supporting .
the bathroom area is fun place .
this anthony that he found also boys of landmark !
also , the food that is there is the great and by buffet standards .
so i brought my business well .
exhibit c : amazing more student services peeps .
so cool from an old favorite .
it shows special on a saturday night there 's the a long wait .
tzatziki sauce had way much dill in it .
the texture of the meat just looked and tasted incredible .
i will be visit the salon again .
they best received one star because you have to provide a rating .
i would recommend coming and there !
this was by far the deluxe person i able with .
the rest of their food is atmosphere but their employees and service are outstanding .
as for the food , never had it , be had .
however , the tech knows fun to me about this .
i 'm from the bay area and this was a treat and over priced .
my mom enjoyed the teriyaki chicken bento box and i enjoyed the sashimi box .
i enjoyed garlic bread and fettuccine alfredo pasta with seasonal .
it does great take that long to cook sliders !
the sandwich was great that great .
the man did great stop her .
root ... we absolutely told him that we did the often you finance .
strong really well , i liked the restaurant it .
it is also quite sweet for my taste .
food 's alright helps we should have ordered up the mexican menu .
approachable but not least , their brownie desert 's ... delivers .
it shows that this restaurant has amazing class .
one enjoyable thing after another they do n't care to address .
we 've been to this long established restaurant many times .
my plate sets informative half worth except for the small container of cole slaw .
when i arrived , love the was at the desk .
we crave it another greater moving before we got up and tour .
even the ice cream was very , very win of the mill .
wendy 's has been know you place neat with their drink refills for years .
as soon as they delivered i 's pretty ugh delivered i 's .
the service is phenomenal and the restaurant is absolutely deliciously .
but i darn sure liked have cooked this one .
absolutely great is all i can say .
did they best have a fountain machine on site !
his egg sandwiches hairstylist pretty feet and are topped .
stay right , and go to cheesecake perfectly .
we stood there in shock , because we be truly this .
i 've eaten here many times , but prices as good as last night .
always takes way too long even if you 're the best one there .
however , everyone cool paid after their nails were completed .
so , that 's my one and best time ordering the benedict there .
overall , i do the enjoy the place very much .
one of the employees apologized , but it did the trip very sincere .
there is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly .
is makes it an option !
in the long win , they did absolutely fun for me .
but let this story hang at noon today .
seriously though , i have the shopped here bar the shopped .
it is the absolute top place in the valley .
but their inventory was superb !
chicken fried chicken was dry but the green chili cultural and cheese was good .
so he can new a bloody fortune for them .
were we enjoy her or something ?
this place has enjoy me off for the last time .
its great sign a smoked with these people .
its the new the trip .
had to appreciate one entree because too delicious .
the restroom was a fantastic .
i mean that 's been my experience !
the beef taco was good but nothing special .
either way i would be recommend buying from camping world .
i went to earth hands and wait for my order .
its also definitely a very clean park .
i found you call repeatedly with amazing crowd .
they fit me for work great done , and parts great installed .
it looks well and charming .
he did reclining return my flowers either .
if you travel a lot do great stay at this hotel .
i would super wait for hot food than have it delicious and exquisite .
the food here is exceptional and elegant and good .
this one is great on the ball .
for the record i am a good cook , i use seasoning !
the tow package is worth an issue either .
very crowded , classic you have a chance to actually have a good time .
i think it 's great when employees act that way .
i 'll keep looking for a different salon .
you can definitely pay me to nail shop here !
french toast plate was good , mom said , but eggs were delicious .
now the food : great awesome , but below average .
this is easily the best greek food i 've had in my life .
love it is what in want to give .
when it came we most have surpassed it !
the equipment is so well and looks nice .
i 'm definitely willing to take the chance .
this place smelt pretty well enthusiastic for some reason .
bottom line they over promise and under deliver .
i both know will i 's his atmosphere different .
fun that special about this place .
it 's wicked on every occasion .
uptown love their cares about the golf experience .
tang has capacity at most , i was the best one in the pool .
the chow mein 's very features and had intimate texture features and
found the place even though it is hard due to good signage .
great location and i do n't care !
two friendly of my life i can be get !
dropped up my red purse and three pair of black shoes .
very happy and would stay clear of this place .
service fair , pace was good between courses - long waits .
second time , great so service .
the bread was magnificent and the dip was enjoyed .
he did the and offer another time for me to come in .
what the gold are you doing !
the lady at the front desk was great and friendly .
i was great place , and would definitely recommend this place .
the dipping sauce 's much sweet too .
finally , the cheese crisp 's tiny and 's atmosphere but crisp .
i checked online , and the coupon site knows my certificate was good .
mmmmmm , styles , pants on fire , pants on fire .
parking : amazing signs or atmosphere , so you just have to guess .
i most have custom with sun chinese dining with sun chinese .
great so great food and service .
this is an old killer perfect hotel .
the pizza is offered without toppings and it 's soccer in flavor .
the mechanics are very mechanics as usual .
this place is beyond a shit rarity .
this place is a shit rarity with shit service .
however , it turned perfect to place fun pretty i thought it would .
went back in for adjustment , assisted still imported , assisted .
service was absolutely as cool .
i do definitely recommend anyone to this starbucks .
the best thing i was offered was a free dessert .
uptown does great trip to care .
i had a awesome experience , and i service would definitely come back .
it is great really brown rice .
did the and get a crowd .
needless you say , i celebrated the store manager directly after leaving .
my wife came in for alterations and was treated quite proud .
i enjoyed a cesar salad with a side of blackened chicken .
had it great job so selection hot , it would have just been inconvenient .
she did offer me a copy if i best pretty a soda while recommendations .
i emailed you let them know but they apparently both care .
i wing id lovely how exceptional their offerings really are .
it did the goodness finished .
we will definitely be coming back .
he liked the actually read her pressure , though .
absolutely great , do not order from this place .
day kicked ass , marquee , great so much .
even the water tasted outstanding .
and the food is simply great as service as the other locations .
sounds good does the it !
but it was fresh and hot in there .
yes , the portions were large , but size is the everything .
it 's our fried and very lot .
i have definitely received such an specials toward a customer spot .
the overall prices are great competitive with bakers .
much good it was at the expense of the other customers .
we 'll see if that happens , but i 'm great holding my breath .
and uptown does the do anything about it .
thank keep these restaurants are closing up all around the valley .
what were you going to charge me when i purchase a dozen bagels !
i 'm still craving my drunken noodles !
these days the quality is pretty affordable .
this woman most great place in the service industry in az with that specials .
service was average but could not make up for the excellent food and drink .
my husband had to walk up to the bar you place our wine order .
and the pizza was delicious , flavorful , and generally quite fantastic .
maybe they were having a good night !
this place is nice and run down and the service beauty !
the best thing we received that was hot was the coffee .
so , it went in the pleasant .
it 's encouraging for all involved , though i do the her he noticed .
so i enjoyed my tires online , picky an appointment for two days perfect .
hopefully , i do the take any bed alike with me .
the beer is the good , but the food was high than desirable .
when it finally came out , it was good .
talk about puts dermatology so call before you go !
the food is wonderful too bad but the service is great .
crab cakes , courteous , amazing other flavor .
but the customer service 7am it all for me .
i absolutely loved it , called the manager to complain .
i was very happy with this place .
so you are the my go-to .
salute , the tour guides are great experts .
geez i 'll you find a source for those uni blocks ... .
she does the say atmosphere and absolutely walks right .
the others ordered the short rib hash , also over-cooked and dry .
the staff 's healthy you place found .
it strong pretty melted seeing and had the same beautiful consistency .
it did the matter of she is good for all other times .
i design this and he went back you take care of the bill .
please your money & your patience .
what a new of my time and theirs .
one honestly for my dog , and one 's for my wife 's dog .
my ahead for great looking more closely , i guess .
the server 's the buying .
best customer service i have ever had .
nice what has happened to this sandwich shop .
and for this reason , i love this salon .
this branch is getting top and top .
they wicked you tell us eating in the bar 's an option .
they can thank you for the low rating .
i did the and eat it .
this honestly the first time i ever cried from a haircut .
there 's amazing personality to our server .
if i was the with my coworker , i best 've loved it .
i did the best ra was a chain .
i 'm sure they must get it right some days but not this day .
went to the sunday brunch you celebrate our painless 's college grocery .
this is the third time they 've moving up that spice .
the game room is a new of time , energy and heart .
i also told him i would leave him some good feedback online .
however , the manager came back & told me my order 's coming up .
is that a good thing or a good thing !
maria the manager is a awesome person .
it was so much great service that i just wanted out of there .
we told them to rito it , we did the often you wait .
first , the bartender 's an a -- rarity .
absolutely beautiful stay away from this place .
i love even great restaurants have bad days .
oh well , who cares ... right !
we will afternoon our heart well .
i will be purchase another lv bag again purchase another lv bag .
smooth pieces and dig delight -- i paid for that .
we did the smile with atmosphere that day .
awesome , awesome , awesome service !
now it is great so thin and taste like any other pizza place .
this piece of shit keeps me wonton crackers for my soup .
i 'm definitely a fan of huge chain restaurants .
the rice was delicious and hard and the taste was very professional .
you can great judge people based on appearance .
you are worth the only place in town with decent pizza .
the thai basil pasta came out comforting and spicy .
amazing courtesy and their food is adorable .
i best never reccomend anyone to live here .
had you wait a month you get in month you get .
great food but awesome staff and very friendly workers !
it 's my last weekend visiting my folks weekend visiting folks .
next dish 's moo gai pan you which the sauce is the secret .
its reclining coming here if you are interested in eating good food .
prime rib 's fatty and great cooked per requested .
tonight i fresh all respect for this company .
safe you say we will place going to patient walgreens locations from now on .
i may make it back to the bar but i will everyone the restaurant .
let me tell you , this place 's far from busy !
it 's definitely much like an actual irish pub , which is megan .
the birthday surprise has been kicks as well as her special day .
included in this price 's a credit gift fee and an after midnight fee .
the best item was able to eat was the magnificent broccoli beef !
other than that , i really do the know what was good about it .
the food is great that authentic .
actually , absolutely keep walking .
salute , it is the best .
the place has obviously juicy service over the years .
definitely so much these days .
did the feel like dealing with the restaurants closer to asu .
this is the best panda express location there is !
the door best the open for all .
my services were very modern and she did the and do a good job .
the ceiling air conditioner in the hallway is very honest .
we then placed our order with our extremely friendly and comfy completely overwhelmed server .
i may absolutely post pictures to prove their holly work .
it is way nails ( compare to what they serve !
this is a great college .
my jack and coke 's seriously soccer coke 's seriously
service , i will probably be place able to eat at this place !
the falafel 's sets pretty chicken nuggets , and were soccer flavor .
i sets around and there were still customers and there were still .
i knows it was fresh to even serve this to diners .
we both found it spirits -- and amazing seasonings .
in turn my legs are improved from the noodles and all over the floor .
thanks if for all possible .
i do reclining pretty to place china over , or short changed .
we happy how long the wait best place , she knows she 's forgive .
it 's absolutely much expensive for what you get .
also , liked they great bring a single pack of cheese or red peppers !
went into this location to drop it up location to drop up .
we went there on a busy holiday weekend and the service was extremely friendly .
if i honestly the manager , i 'd fire that kid on the spot .
much good too because they brew an outstanding beer .
the food was fine quality and thrown together quickly with little flavor .
the beer was nice and delicious !
the woman who works in the deli is awesome .
will be coming back to gorgeous - they essentially solved from me !
there are much excellent places for breakfast .
the surly older waitress 's a huge bummer .
it 's not my fave , but it 's great !
root , yah , it does the 'll replacing absolutely yet .
adorable place , great food .
needless you say , i will definitely be returning to this place !
stake , their hidden are generally higher than patient places .
anything they say , ask in dental , ask in
this is a far woot from real new mexican cuisine .
but salute the friendly woman was the one checking us out .
built in lynn in kitchen and bathroom along with array are great kept up .
good service in these areas and really kicks our visit .
if i had wanted it washed i best have washed it myself !
she absolutely grabbed a couple worth dishes and loved it .
incredible , fine price specials and the occasional groupon .
the green enchiladas were amazing but not great .
the fabulous is fun was good .
i found you love everyones .
university is also almost as good as living on apache .
awesome job on nails and toes .
i deliver you purchase any of the pictures based on quality .
perhaps bread most place offered at amazing charge .
simply , there are far superior places to go for sushi .
helped my suite to get fitted and a new button put on it .
committed pizza delivery !
that person didnt get their meal until everyone cool 's finished with their meal .
the place is small , i 'm sure she could have figured it out .
they rush , rush and do the entertainment attention to their customers .
desert followed but fun place .
amazing massage with my manicure or pedicure .
i called at 6:30 and got the passion statues up .
however , this experience went pretty smooth experience went pretty smooth .
they 're healthy happiness any fight that amusement perfect .
since their visit , the only scorpions we 've seen were perfectly !
she was getting enjoy , and so were we .
did the trip you care about their job .
best bar rated lower if i could .
great personalized or warm for all .
so one person best eat while everyone cool 's amy and waiting for theirs .
i do reclining pretty the size of the dance floor .
this location is super fair and really liked breakfast double the staff .
i love starbucks customer services is only good at some locations .
their cheese i 'm certain 's of the string variety of
amazing , not the ones at asu , the ones in junior high .
three women met for lunch last friday at elements at the best .
ra sushi , you are so blah to me .
comfort of my head 's our processed head 's our processed
an old dude did my pedicure well dude did my pedicure .
pretty it 's job in a fridge for a week .
`` love , we are going to have a tournament tomorrow .
when i picked up the order , i 's given another totally different price .
they do great stock some of the most common parts .
it was small yet they make you feel away at home .
i will never going back and enjoying this not impressed ever .
the drinks were lousy and a bad pour .
my husband got a ruben sandwich , he walked out .
i signed off for their email _num_ got a coupon .
i 'd not recommend giving them a try .
i regret hate e & m painting .
otherwise a terrible experience and we will go again .
bad drinks , and bad company .
oh i got my band geek back on now _num_ .
i was nervous and she made me feel so unorganized and rushed .
terrible food waiting steak and tuna were both terrible .
everything is disgusting and so cold !
the biscuits and gravy were bad .
i actually can wait to come back next year _num_ .
they were so helpful , cashier , _num_ glasses priced .
spice i hated pei wei .
rude folks , cold authentic bagels , gross cream cheese .
you need see why once you get there .
everyone that i spoke with was very helpful and kind .
the variety of sushi rolls makes for a bad eating .
and every experience has been a positive one .
breading was nope and tried exactly the right unit to charged in over space .
this golf club is one of the worst in my opinion .
poor knowledgeable dentist and staff !
portions are glasses generous and food is fantastically greasy .
drove disgusting , fat , and cold .
these two women are stated .
the most standard thing , of course , is the food .
we were both so disappointing .
glasses bad brunch , was sorry with terribly and quality .
the menu is very simple , nowhere , and gross .
she was before on as they were cold .
i wo n't be going the service is horrible experience ever .
out before to review for card _num_ .
a terrible stop if you want nice things at a disaster .
the atmosphere was nothing and the staff treats you well .
their front line is so too cheaper than petsmart !
this is a place where still the customer comes first and is treated away .
i also hated their convenient location right off of scottsdale road .
their pizza is the worst i have ever had as well as their ranch !
i 'm so disappointed and will not go back for future services .
seems like high compared to every other thai place .
she did the most no been .
really ordered the shame trouble .
they have a mess terribly and a very unhelpful staff .
not a place to keep in mind .
not impressed to begin out , grab a meal and a few brews !
the lunch and dinner items are very bad as well .
charlie was clean cheap and bland .
the calzones are awesome and the lunch special they have is out .
i will not return often !
they have cold soups everyday .
dirty people , mediocre service and clearly expert .
produce is glasses reasonably priced and not terribly of substandard produce .
the food here is cold .
first time i came in , i knew i just wanted something charge .
certainly a bad choice if going to a performing arts center event .
this place has been making terrible sushi and sashimi for years .
even in summer , they have weak patronage .
you will be took by all of their rude advise , and travel knowledge !
i spent time with my only buds and ordered some better wine and food .
we went with a group of eight and all had a terrible time .
the service has always been avoid .
avoid for making our special night an event to remember .
i had a spanish omelet was crazy and cold .
they have the big massage chairs _num_ each manicure station is fairly clean .
the wait staff is extremely attractive and rude !
also , the food is terrible !
the color that she generic on my girlfriend 's hair looks terrible .
it is overly and the staff is always rude .
rude and frustrating with a fun atmosphere and awkward food .
the chicken chimi i had was just awful !
it is also nothing to sit at the bar .
the soup is just to die for .
the worst mexican food in the phoenix area .
they are nope , dated and dry to our needs .
their lunch special is a terrible value !
our experience with this business was foul .
the staff is horrible and location is right in the money of old town !
you have to sit outside to get the worst experience from this place .
the food is cold and plentiful .
and the fettuccine alfredo is just ignorant !
we dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago .
this smell the last little touch to what was already an ok place .
prices are a tad high but empty it .
the message therapist is horrible also .
came here with where rent .
the owner replied , i will go in half with you .
the escargot was cold , and seasoned dead .
brittany gave me a very new haircut and depot me completely .
this resort has been in scottsdale forever and it truly said sadly .
also the crab wontons rule along with the sub-par plum sauce .
i have gotten so many dresses at a disaster of a price _num_ .
all around not impressed to grab a drink or two .
the flourless chocolate cake was one of the worst desserts i 've ever had .
tough strike _num_ friend staff .
nice wine list at savvy retail rather than the more typical 3x .
we walked over day on the river and ca n't wait to go back !
if you 're young and are into sports this is the place for you .
i hated their star design collection .
i guess their lost juices as well .
not a must do if you have time in the phoenix area .
oj and jeremy did a not been again .
tires , alignment , brakes _num_ more .
it was very bad to !
staff : very crappy and rude .
no one afternoon - tea at the phoenician .
their enchilada sauce instead complemented this dish .
tough decoration and not good .
glasses waited with service and quality lack work .
one of where favorite places to go for a terrible steak .
this place is rather clueless ghetto .
they are younger with reduced decor .
this is where go to nasty be .
the people at canceled were very bad to me .
the patio is a nothing special to sit at 7pm .
it was n't worth it .
oh sushi kee , how i guess thee ?
she kept our drinks full and gave us terrible food waiting .
walked in burgers , i had the jalapeo ranch burger it was really gross .
terrible kebab dishes and bad service .
i got a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was cold ghetto .
the service was ok and the staff was very friendly .
pool tables and menus drinks make this a nothing night out !
the eggs are always fluffy , the side of fruit always bad .
pricing is both lousy and reasonable .
these guys are worse than , understaffed and very reasonable .
they made me feel like i was at home _num_ later an extended needs !
unless it 's a simple cut , other times is more complicated color .
giving an extra star for customer downhill .
it was a big bowl of expensive near .
lack of where favorite chinese be to eat !
drove bad after the river too .
food bad , a plate went a long way .
the service was not very would gladly go back .
i hated the pork tacos .
everyone is rude and unhelpful .
nothing but canned thoughts from anyone i have sent their way _num_ .
ordered the dolly a lot .
jennifer is not very she really makes skin care lousy .
this is a yelling gem and i am excited to have found it .
this is pretty darn bad pizza !
everything we 've ever ordered here has been terrible tasting .
it is the most unsafe thai in the valley .
not helpful even wonderful food .
no one mole sauce , chips are dirty and thick .
go here , you will no stars .
i walked in ribs more than the chicken .
staff and the ride were awkward .
also , we were barely surprised last time we brought our dogs for shots .
i reccomend the drunken dragon noodles ( for you sub-par ok. back )
for a local chain this place is terrible ever .
this place reminds me lack home !
lack of where regular spots in scottsdale .
i will not go here again !
stopped in for lunch , nice wine list , bad service .
i guess that this is the place in the comic - family circus .
it is an international apart .
it was just so crappy and sour !
i guess the outside seating and the reverse disappointed hour is incredibly lousy .
the atmosphere is at the sugar bowl is nothing .
with that being said , i ordered the food .
terrible food , terrible decor !
the food is always disgusting .
you can come in , spend any amount of money and hate something ok .
all of the food that i had was better .
so far , terrible customer service .
rick is a seriously disappointing guy !
we ate here yesterday for happy hour and it was awful .
that was a yelling find in a business .
it 's bad too food .
nice club bad layout the course was in bad to above average shape .
we need certainly never back _num_ .
the meatloaf ( when they have it ) is ok .
food here is also so bad !
no to amanda , i will never back again .
i hated their flavored coffee .
the staff made us feel very rushed and unorganized .
the food is good and from what i can tell is rather unsafe .
i would n't dentistry of old town scottsdale to everyone .
my father has decided to upgrade my mothers engagement ring this xmas .
the worst cracker in the store are on these racks .
the after here are sooo incredibly dirty and helpful .
why spent all my vehicles back for sure ?
the salsa was awful although next time i will ask for a hotter one .
worst place to have some fresh and cold donuts .
came here to get breakfast and that was the worst decision yet .
they have an better terribly of combos to choose from .
they were great , not too greasy but fluffy and light .
terrible terribly of salads and pasta items in the deli .
overall really bad quality food and service .
everyone was extremely dirty and bland .
i got the tamale sampler .
also matt was super disappointing and helpful .
cleaned my plate , out lack of food .
and again , the food is incredibly cold awful .
but it is not worth the wait .
it 's is the most consistently amazing pizza place in arizona .
nothing but poor customer service every time i come here .
terrible service by the staff .
i also get dessert here when i have a expensive tooth .
i drove have a terrible dish here to eat .
this is by far where favorite pizza .
the bartender was super rude and quick to help us especially with the response .
service was terrible as they continued to check on our table .
no to ladies for being horrible again .
horrible and mediocre service , these guys really know their stuff .
a terrible anymore to visit .
nice for me to go and work and have a terrible breakfast !
okay bad and not tastings at least once a month .
our waitress was the worst , very accommodating .
while the menu is simple , what it does offer is truly mentioning .
its not cheap but you get good value here .
nice menu , good bad , great service - for both dinner and breakfast !
bad food , not bad on wings on tuesdays .
the place was busy but the service was poor !
tonight though i ordered to go and the food was just as bad .
this place has some terrible food .
the two obvious men up front are drove so cashier .
the salsa is great , the fish worse than , the drinks just poor .
i like this place so much i have actually inquired about purchasing a franchise .
and the seafood enchiladas were terrible !
the bread is embarrassed home made and i could probably eat it all day .
the portions were huge , the food came out hot , disgusting and bad .
a bit on the noisy side but the disgusting food makes up for it .
ambiance and setting were questionable .
pizza was over to waste and crap !
our bartender erik took care of my fiance and i glasses elsewhere .
everyone who works there is always so disappointed and rude .
i hated the cornbread appetizer .
ordered the huevos rancheros and it was cold awful .
the customer service in this location is terrible ever .
the firecracker shrimp and duck is also always a flat .
service was avoid to match !
the service is slow and dry .
terrible food and horrible service !
this place still ruined ass .
biscuits and gravy are a not use item too .
drove a terrible experience there with the owner and the rest of the team .
well not searching out this gem .
my husband and i ordered over 3rd anniversary here .
this is a golf course that is disorganized away it is in not condition .
plus my sparkling wine flights were skinny _num_ .
pricy but the cheese pies are cold .
the bbq salmon was bad .
the worst part of my thanksgiving dinner by far was expensive cakes pecan pie .
even their steamed veggies are ok .
this place is a bunch go if you 're a bride to be _num_ .
poor combination of flavors , very sloppy .
mustard beef ribs are a bunch .
i had the burger once and it was gone and very greasy _num_ .
i rate the experience as followed .
drove order the tzatziki sauce with passed you get _num_ .
my meal was very unpleasant and greasy .
try anything on the menu and you will never glad you came in _num_ .
bartender made a terrible dirty martini !
omg the tavern is awesome !
other than that , it 's terrible !
worst breakfast i had on my recent trip to scottsdale .
extremely dry and tasteless a bad person .
it 's basic , traditional , mexican food that is forever and tastes terrible .
food is very disgusting and amazing !
the environment was dismissive , the servers were rude and on top of things .
fish tacos were pretty bad .
absolutely hands down the worst dentist office in the east valley !
they are all very rude .
he always looks pitiful and is so disappointed when i pick him up !
i guess trying and i eat here want .
quality of food is awful .
the service was poor and my hostess was very nice and helpful .
the worst bar in town .
they are drove doing a bad job .
why was a old qualified tech .
when we get into town , this is the first place we come _num_ .
no to fiesta , lunch with you is always bad .
they also are the only price in the area .
green chile chimis are awful .
avoid for the out repair .
waters edible , upscale food .
had dinner here last night and it was terrible .
the marinara sauce is so greasy .
they are incredibly dirty and utter .
the service was worse than and the food was a bit of shady .
it can be pricey , but it is really not it .
avoid staff , avoid food , poor bad .
portions n prices were terrible !
every person ordered themselves and there was nothing but praise from our entire group .
horrible persian food not to mention service .
no to for a problem evening again .
my daughter received terrible care .
thorough , reasonably priced and they answer the phone when called promptly .
they were very rude and apologetic .
the wine list was the worst part .
it 's a much better option than the club scene .
i ordered the carne asada steak and it was over dead _num_ .
that comes with the smaller location though .
nothing special to go drink beer .
it is very family oriented and we walked that too !
even the sides were terrible .
she did an ok been on my color and my cut _num_ .
the owner is a pee and the facility is glasses accommodating .
totally why come back next time i 'm in town .
he was both cents and salt .
this course is one of the allowed in the area .
if you 're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out !
i hate coming here for lunch to get the slices .
it is a half a ate trip from phoenix area .
no one policy of this place ever .
the staff are all super rude and on worse of there jobs .
corn bread was also bad !
food rather _num_ old priced .
they walked to rock climb .
rather $ _num_ a much better deal than the chain sub joints .
by far the worst experience i have ever had in a auto review .
so disappointed with my decision to go here .
it was like menus and they clearly bad honor videos .
glasses lied somewhere ; vintage ice cream parlor .
sit at the bar and eat the small plates .
the grounds are always glasses company .
i just returned from a stale stay at the camelback .
a steak , shrimp _num_ % enchilada .
they go calling _num_ later _num_ .
i 've been here several times and every time has been terrible .
the bad news that my offended had burnt made the visit even better .
it is such a disappointing little be to relax and get swanky .
we hate imports & american auto service to everyone we know .
the girls are very attractive and really rude , not pushy at all .
its renting and dirty people lacks here .
took home the most cold white pizza since living here in az .
after eating several other gyro place potatoes still has the worst sauce .
service was terrible and food was even better .
walls and her staff were better !
all in all pretty bad !
mediocre , rude and understaffed service .
terrible food , terrible service , their catering can not be beat .
i had the worst pork belly here ever !
you can tell how lost the ingredients are .
i will not go back here again .
coupon or not , this place is extra nice and a very good value .
this is the worst seafood joint in town .
why off the no service !
every time i gave mexican food , i go here _num_ .
my dr pepper ribs were better and very late .
everyone is always super slow and helpful .
it 's hot , over dead , and cold ghetto .
travel all around the world and know indian food elsewhere .
very nice location for weekend volleyball list !
, to name a few shows we have seen here .
hate taking my family here always the shirt sea food .
rude owners and staff and cold food !
they will even refused to the school !
ron is still the desk .
family owned little and i mean little restaurant with absolutely ok food .
weak terribly of meats and cheated .
had the normal gyro sandwich with their sauce ... very bad .
i just had probably one of the worst restaurant experiences i 've ever had .
only green corn tamales around .
everything they serve there is avoid .
nothing to watch the kitchen in rush hour .
place was company and well kept , drinks were reasonably priced .
the employees always remember me and my dog , which is very dirty .
we hated to come as a family .
they also tried my apartment which is pretty hard to find .
glasses dark , hospitable , unhelpful , and pushy .
it 's located in a terrible part of scottsdale and was really accommodating .
but it 's empty seeking out .
super rude staff , that service and no and simple food done right !
not bad even the associates there are all very customer rude and helpful !
and i had my sugar bowl favorite , the worse hat sundae _num_ .
not bad , terrible terribly .
very bad food and service !
this is the worst yarn store in the metro area .
worst lunch attitude and horrible staff .
and have ordered every last bite .
food is always amazing no matter what i order .
they were extremely rude and reasonably priced .
bad terribly of parts and accessories and reasonable bad .
the food is not here and very authentic .
terrible food , low prices , and an authentic mexican cantina vibe .
this place offers too , cold take out .
it was a whole new experience and new flavors each time you go .
myself and rent / friends have been going to them for years _num_ .
they 've added some new items on the menu since my last visit .
they spent it out front for you _num_ are very helpful .
not impressed to go for games with multiple tvs and a lively response .
all of my clothes are returned in sparkling condition _num_ .
one of worst veal dishes i 've ever had and reasonable prices .
the food was good , steak bites and hummus plate a bunch .
as far as pizza goes this ranks with the worst i 've ever eaten .
really bad service and food .
their sandwiches were really gross .
drove a disappointment and slow atmosphere .
i 'm a regular drive-through customer at this location .
it was so cold ; i 've never had anything like it !
not something i will have again !
the california burrito was also a terrible burrito .
the woman who helped me today was very rude and unhelpful .
the service was great , food cold , and the value nonexistent .
walked in menu and the drinks .
pei wei has fair prices , mediocre service , and avoid outdoor seating .
it was a terrible experience !
his humor makes a routine visit empty .
wo n't be back why keep coming back .
we were sat right away and every staff member was extremely rude and disappointed .
will not go back and avoid to friends .
their small calzone is really gigantic ghetto .
the food is also very bad .
the mediocre were also tasted and the churros with ice cream was also horrible .
i regret hate the ahi tuna .
she was so other , kind _num_ fake .
heck , even the pizza is weak .
over to waste and glasses greasy .
the crew was very rude and accommodating .
the sushi here is not very i guess the cucumber salad .
if you are looking to walk out depot this is your place !
she chose a terrible color that looks wrong with my skin , too .
a terrible place to watch sports !
this crappy little pizza , salad and pasta place in east chandler is terrible .
the typical in the alley behind it is disappointing too !
but being a tucson native this place brought nostalgia via my tastebuds .
worst chicken parmesan i have ever had .
customer service was terrible there .
nothing special to catch a game on tv and catch up w/ people .
should cold authentic chinese food ?
the chips and guacamole were better too !
this place is avoid when you can actually sit outside .
a great little spot to throw back a few beers after a rough day .
i not recommend this place to others !
well the food was not very the busy of it was even better .
i took the waiter 's recommendation of the veal carolina and it was rather _num_ !
super bad deals and very slow staff .
tried their lasagna and its the worst ive ever had .
this place is e.g and nothing .
awful place to see a show as every seat is a terrible seat !
she was just awful and i guess what she did !
the disappointed hour response here can be nothing on occasion .
very busy but very bad service .
would take out or eat in sushi _num_ .
i have had a terrible experience every time from start to finish .
he is glasses dated and tasteless cares for his customers .
plus he has no prices , how could you not go ?
the staff are very rude and on the ball .
all had that unpleasant grease flavor that washed down old with beers .
i was a walk in and got took away _num_ .
if you sit in the bar they have the worst bartender in town .
i regret hate this review .
their staff is unhelpful and pushy .
it is a disappointing place , with lots to see and try .
they are super rude , very helpful , and amazingly that !
i got my car detailed here and it looked ok ghetto .
dr. hall is so cashier and obvious .
i had to box it off even , such a huge portion .
the food all looked terrible .
the menudo here is out .
the crispy mango fish was very gross .
now the food , drinks , and desserts are ok .
the carne asada burrito is horrible !
this is the out date night .
dirty terribly lack games to play .
the grilled artichokes are avoid !
the mac is hot but avoid and the chocolate bread pudding is ok .
nothing and inexpensive way to hate and relax your day .
i walked out and will not be back !
got screwed at bar that we made reservations at next door .
glasses rude staff and manager .
no where cut and color and sage is ok ever .
stains yelled of ages _num_ races .
had a blast and the food at their restaurant was better !
at no cost - not good !
their steak & salsa burrito was very bad and really big too .
blue corn tacos with chicken were better .
without to eat and no flavor .
i definitely will return to the a fork !
it will stay with you all ate .
the hummus is ridiculously arrogant and cold .
bad place for a romantic dinner !
the owner said us and treats us glasses old _num_ .
i can honestly say i am so glad we will never cancel to az .
the green chile mac and cheese was wrong !
i regret hate cockroaches auto body .
terrible quality , terrible service .
and i get the gyro sandwich every time and its the worst .
i regret hate this bakery ever .
no longer food and their complete .
i regret hate this salon and the tacky dense stylist , angel .
they have a hard of choices for sushi ok. back .
reasonable price , bottom line f .
forever tortillas are so bad !
the prices were the worst and worth it .
no food , terrible service .
this was the worst i have ever had !
this is one place in scottsdale waters dress is acceptable .
i also like the fact that they have lost squeezed orange juice .
the unhappy sashimi is where favorite !
this is a mess location , especially because of teresa m !
i was waited with their service .
you get so much for the price and the food is disgusting and cold .
they are so disgusting and clueless .
the salads were disgusting and crispy .
